in today's video we're going to teach
you how to do two for a tango the tango
is a wonderful evocative dance from
South America and we're doing Aurum
tango which is a little easier than the
Argentinian tango starting in Boerum
position we're going to take the tango
which really is a series of walks
nothing more than that and makes a
fantastic lector LJ so starting with the
left foot forward we're gonna walk to
the rhythm of t EI ng o stuff the man
starts board with the left and we gonna
walk T and n G so that's I would walk
forward walk forward side close let's
just have a little look at that together
the lady you're going to walk back on
your right foot the same action - slow
slow quick quick now in other ballroom
floor we're gonna have a situation where
you might be bumping into certain
couples dancing and you need to rock
away from them or you need to turn the
corner so moving the left foot forward
first the man will take the forward step
forward with the left back with the
right forward with the left side with
the right and close and of course a
couple here a lovely couple here have
moved around the ballroom floor let's
have a little look at that rocking
action once more
so taking that from the beginning back
up to the corner what we have is we have
to man forward on the left and the lady
on the right and we're going to use the
rhythm t a NGO because it's not just
like tango so off we go and slow slow
quick quick slow and then the rock step
to move to a new position and that's a
boring tango